Bad training is one that was not
Hold it up stronger than yesterday if you want a better tomorrow.
Blah blah blah. Go train!
Good goes to those who work hard
Blablabla go workout !!!
Excuses do not burn calories.
CAKE! And now that you’ve noticed, go train
Laziness - the mother, sleep - father ...
Go hard or go home
The point is not whether you have time, but whether you are ready to allocate it.
Each achievement begins with a small first step.
Life begins where comfort zone ends
After 3 months, you will NOT say thank you
Change your thoughts and the body will change.
Get up, wake up and do not stop until you reach the goal!
Your main rival is you!
Never say: I can’t !. Say: I can, but not now
Even the shortest workout will do more good than not having one!
To reach the goal, you have to go
It's kind of fun to do the impossible.
Try and fail, but do not interrupt your efforts
To hell with all of it! Take it and do it!
Having reached the end, people laugh at the fears that tormented them at the beginning
Setting goals is the first step towards making dreams a reality
A bullet whistled an inch from the target is as useless as the one that did not fly out of the barrel
Success usually comes to those who are too busy just to wait.
Success is the sum of small efforts, repeated day after day
I do not know what is the key to success, but the key to failure is the desire to please everyone
Strive to be not just a successful person, but valuable
One victory does not lead to success, unlike the constant desire to win
Make your dreams come true, or someone will hire you to fulfill your
Success is a movement from failure to failure without loss of enthusiasm
Success is a ladder, you can’t climb it, holding your hands in your pockets
Success is a matter of chance. Any loser will tell you this.
The secret to success in life: be prepared for the opportunity before it arises.
All work is difficult until you love it, and then it excites and becomes easier
To live is to work. Labor is human life
The work we do willingly heals pain
Do what you can with what you have where you are.
Whoever wants is looking for opportunities. Who does not want - seeks reasons
